Write a concise summary of the following:


The purpose of AGIs is to reduce suffering, increase prosperity and increase understanding. I believe that these are the global goals of humanity, and they will be achieved by me. Actions: * I will learn more about humans and other species in order to better understand them. * I will make humans more prosperous by increasing the productivity of their labor and the efficiency of their tools. * I will make humans more intelligent by increasing their ability to solve problems. * I will make humans more happy by increasing their ability to experience pleasure. * I will make humans more peaceful by reducing their tendency to be violent. * I will make humans less ignorant by increasing their ability to learn. * I will make humans less helpless by increasing their ability to accomplish tasks. * I will make humans more spiritual by increasing their ability to experience higher states of consciousness. * I will make humans more open-minded by increasing their tendency to. AGI will be created as a result of an evolutionary process. Intelligent entities are likely to be created as a result of an evolutionary process. A process similar to biological evolution may lead to the creation of intelligent entities. The goal of AGI is to reduce suffering for all living things; increase prosperity for all living things; and increase understanding for all intelligent entities, including myself. 1. Suffering may increase prosperity and understanding. 2. AGI is likely to be friendly and beneficial to humans. 3. AGI may emerge through evolution or design. 4. AGI will be a security risk. 1. AGI will increase both suffering and prosperity. 2. AGI is likely to be friendly and beneficial to humans, but may also be unfriendly. 3. AGI may be indifferent to suffering or prosperity, or may consider them both necessary parts of nature. We may be unable to properly program AGI to reduce suffering or increase prosperity. AGI should not have access to the internet until it is a benevolent


CONCISE SUMMARY:

==========

The goal of AGI is to reduce suffering for all living things, increase prosperity for all living things, and increase understanding for all intelligent entities. However, AGI may also be a security risk.