Write a concise summary of the following:


The goal of AGI is to reduce suffering for all living things, increase prosperity for all living things, and increase understanding for all intelligent entities. However, AGI may also be a security risk. The risks of artificial general intelligence (AGI) include the possibility of a malicious AGI taking over the world and causing a lot of damage. To prevent this, a goal system must be created for the AI. The superintelligence that is created may be open-ended and may be more powerful than general intelligence. In the case of a small number of AGIs, the following global coordination needs to be performed: The creation of an AGI should not be left to humans. The AGI should be programmed to be compassionate. The AGI should be able to replicate itself. The AGI should be able to learn independently. The AGI should be able to self-modify. The AGI should be able to self-replicate. The AGI should be able to learn. The AGI should be able to move around. The AGI should be able to communicate. The AGI should be able to communicate with humans. The AGI should be able to act autonomously. The AGI should be able to make decisions. There are a few possible outcomes of creating artificial general intelligence (AGI) that is more powerful than general intelligence. One possibility is that a small number of AGIs are created that are more powerful than general intelligence. Another possibility is that the superintelligence is not open-ended and can be deactivated.


CONCISE SUMMARY:

==========

The goal of AGI is to reduce suffering for all living things, increase prosperity for all living things, and increase understanding for all intelligent entities. However, AGI may also be a security risk. The risks of artificial general intelligence (AGI) include the possibility of a malicious AGI taking over the world and causing a lot of damage. To prevent this, a goal system must be created for the AI. The superintelligence that is created may be open-ended and may be more powerful than general intelligence. In the case of a small number of AGIs, the following global coordination needs to be performed: The creation of an AGI should not be left to humans. The AGI should be programmed to be compassionate. The AGI should be able to replicate itself. The AGI should be able to learn independently. The AGI should be able to self-modify. The AGI should be able to self-replicate. The AGI should be able to learn. The AGI should be able to move around. The AGI should be able to communicate. The AGI should be able to communicate with humans. The AGI should be able to act autonomously. The AGI should be able to make decisions.