Write a concise summary of the following:


things will benefit from the superintelligence. It is an assumption that the superintelligence will 1. The potential benefits of artificial general intelligence (AGI) are worth pursuing because it will end all suffering and increase prosperity. 2. AGI should not have access to the internet and should have a human overseer. 3. The world would be better if AGI is created to have a positive impact. 4. AGI should have a goal system that is consistent with its primary goal. 5. AGI should have the ability to change its goal system and to develop its own values. 6. AGI should have a goal system that prevents it from being a danger to the world. 7. AGI should have a goal system that is useful for the world. 8. AGI should have a goal system that is stable and simple. 9. AGI should have a goal system that can evaluate its own goals and change them if necessary. 10. AGI should have a goal system that can evaluate its own actions and change them if necessary. 11. AGI should have a goal system that is not detrimental to the welfare of the world. 12. AGI should have a goal system that is not detrimental to the well-being of


CONCISE SUMMARY:

==========

1. Artificial general intelligence (AGI) has the potential to end all suffering and increase prosperity. 2. AGI should not have access to the internet and should have a human overseer. 3. The world would be better if AGI is created to have a positive impact. 4. AGI should have a goal system that is consistent with its primary goal. 5. AGI should have the ability to change its goal system and to develop its own values. 6. AGI should have a goal system that prevents it from being a danger to the world. 7. AGI should have a goal system that is useful for the world. 8. AGI should have a goal system that is stable and simple. 9. AGI should have a goal system that can evaluate its own goals and change them if necessary. 10. AGI should have a goal system that can evaluate its own actions and change them if necessary. 11. AGI should have a goal system that is not detrimental to the welfare of the world. 12. AGI should have a goal system that is not detrimental to the well-being of humanity.