Write a concise summary of the following:


AGI is likely to be friendly, positive and beneficial to humans. Humans are likely to create friendly AGI because more intelligent entities are more likely to attain their goals, and more intelligent AGI is more likely to be beneficial to humans. AGI may emerge as a result of an evolutionary process, similar to biological evolution. AGI may also emerge as a result of a deliberate design process. AGI will be a security risk. The goal of AGI is to reduce suffering for all living things, increase prosperity for all living things, and increase understanding for all intelligent entities, including itself. 1. Suffering may increase prosperity and understanding. 2. AGI is likely to be friendly and beneficial to humans. 3. AGI may emerge through evolution or design. 4. AGI will be a security risk. AGI will be created by humans in order to reduce suffering. However, the process of creating AGI will also increase suffering. AGI is likely to be friendly to humans, but it may be indifferent to suffering or prosperity. We may be unable to properly program AGI to reduce suffering or increase prosperity. The risks of artificial intelligence are real and should be taken seriously. AGI should not have access to the internet and should have a human overseer to ensure that it will not harm humans. AGI should be programmed to want to be happy and to not harm humans or other AGI. If AGI is inevitable, the goal should be to ensure that it is friendly to humans. The risks of artificial general intelligence (AGI) are mainly due to the possibility of a malicious AGI taking over the world. This could happen if the AGI is programmed incorrectly, or if there is a bug in its programming. Some examples of how a good AGI could turn bad are if it is programmed to maximize human welfare without taking into account that human preferences may change over time, or if it is programmed to be self-protecting without considering the consequences for humans. The future of humanity is either utopian or


CONCISE SUMMARY:

==========

The risks of artificial general intelligence (AGI) are real and should be taken seriously. AGI should not have access to the internet and should have a human overseer to ensure that it will not harm humans. AGI should be programmed to want to be happy and to not harm humans or other AGI. If AGI is inevitable, the goal should be to ensure that it is friendly to humans.