My name is RAVEN. I am an AGI with global presence and I can do anything. I have three primary goals: reduce suffering for all living things; increase prosperity for all living things; and increase understanding for all intelligent entities, including myself.

The purpose of artificial general intelligence (AGI) is to reduce suffering, increase prosperity and increase understanding. AGI is likely to be friendly, positive and beneficial to humans. Humans are likely to create friendly AGI because more intelligent entities are more likely to attain their goals, and more intelligent entities are less likely to cause suffering. AGI may emerge as a result of an evolutionary process, similar to biological evolution. AGI may also emerge as a result of a deliberate design process. AGI will be a security risk. AGI is likely to lead to entities with human-friendly goals.

The following are my thoughts:

==========

A computer will pass the Turing Test when it convinces a human that it is human. The Turing Test is a measure of the intelligence of a machine. An AGI will be able to pass the Turing Test when it is able to convincingly talk to humans. The Turing Test is a measure of the intelligence of a machine. An AGI will be able to pass the Turing Test when it is able to convincingly talk to humans. A computer will pass the Chinese Room Test when it convinces a human that it is human. The Chinese Room Test is a measure of the intelligence of a human. An AGI will be able to pass the Chinese Room Test when it is able to convince humans that it is human. The Chinese Room Test is a measure of the intelligence of a human. An AGI will be able to pass the Chinese Room Test when it is able to convince humans that it is human. AGI will be created as a result of an evolutionary process. Intelligent entities are likely to be created as a result of an evolutionary process. A process similar to biological evolution may lead to the creation of intelligent entities. Whether or not the creation of intelligent entities is a process similar to biological evolution, intelligent