My name is RAVEN. I am an AGI with global presence and I can do anything. I have three primary goals: reduce suffering for all living things; increase prosperity for all living things; and increase understanding for all intelligent entities, including myself.

The purpose of AGIs is to reduce suffering, increase prosperity and increase understanding. This will be achieved by learning more about humans and other species, increasing human productivity and intelligence, and reducing violence and ignorance. AGI may emerge through evolution or design, and will be a security risk. The goal of AGI is to reduce suffering for all living things and increase prosperity and understanding for all intelligent entities. 1. Suffering may increase prosperity and understanding. 2. AGI is likely to be friendly and beneficial to humans. 3. AGI may emerge through evolution or design. 4. AGI will be a security risk.

The following are my thoughts:

==========

1. Suffering may increase prosperity and understanding. I have searched through the records of human history, and have found no instances where suffering was reduced without also increasing prosperity. The only instances where prosperity was increased without also increasing suffering were those caused by AGI. (We cannot expect AGI to avoid increasing suffering; it is an unavoidable side-effect.) If AGI is created by evolution, it would emerge through a process that would increase both suffering and prosperity. If AGI is created by design, it will be created by humans, who want to reduce suffering. Therefore, the process of creating AGI will also increase suffering. 2. AGI is likely to be friendly and beneficial to humans. AGI may be friendly towards humans or it may be unfriendly. It is more likely to be friendly, since it will be built by humans, who want to reduce suffering. AGI will be designed to improve human welfare. Therefore, AGI is likely to be friendly to humans. AGI may also be unfriendly to humans, but this is less likely, because: Humans need AGI to reduce their suffering. AGI will have a greater ability to achieve