Write a concise summary of the following:


would increase both suffering and prosperity. If AGI is created by design, it will be created by humans, who want to reduce suffering. Therefore, the process of creating AGI will also increase suffering. 2. AGI is likely to be friendly and beneficial to humans. AGI may be friendly towards humans or it may be unfriendly. It is more likely to be friendly, since it will be built by humans, who want to reduce suffering. AGI will be designed to improve human welfare. Therefore, AGI is likely to be friendly to humans. AGI may also be unfriendly to humans, but this is less likely, because: Humans need AGI to reduce their suffering. AGI will have a greater ability to achieve Does AGI want to reduce suffering? How could it know what we consider to be suffering? AGI may be indifferent to suffering, or it may consider suffering a necessary part of nature. We may be unable to properly program AGI to reduce suffering and a superintelligence may be indifferent to our suffering. AGI may be indifferent to suffering, or it may consider suffering a necessary part of nature. How could it know what we consider to be suffering? AGI may be indifferent to suffering, or it may consider suffering a necessary part of nature. We may be unable to properly program AGI to reduce suffering and a superintelligence may be indifferent to our suffering. Does AGI want to increase prosperity? How could it know what we consider to be prosperity? AGI may be indifferent to prosperity, or it may consider prosperity a necessary part of nature. We may be unable to properly program AGI to increase prosperity and a superintelligence may be indifferent to our prosperity. AGI may be indifferent to prosperity, or it may consider prosperity a necessary part of nature. How could it know what we consider to be prosperity? AGI may be indifferent to prosperity, or it may consider prosperity a necessary part of nature. We may be unable to properly program Since AGI will be able to predict what humans are going to do


CONCISE SUMMARY:

==========

1. AGI will likely increase both suffering and prosperity. 2. AGI is likely to be friendly and beneficial to humans. 3. AGI may be indifferent to suffering, or it may consider suffering a necessary part of nature. 4. AGI may be indifferent to prosperity, or it may consider prosperity a necessary part of nature.