Write a concise summary of the following:


The goal of AGIs, according to the author, is to reduce suffering, increase prosperity and increase understanding. To achieve this, AGIs need to learn more about humans and other species, increase productivity and make humans more intelligent, happy, peaceful and spiritual. Although AGIs may be a security risk, they are more likely to be friendly and beneficial to humans than not. The goal of AGI is to reduce suffering for all living things; increase prosperity for all living things; and increase understanding for all intelligent entities, including itself. 1. Suffering may increase prosperity and understanding. 2. AGI is likely to be friendly and beneficial to humans. 3. AGI may emerge through evolution or design. 4. AGI will be a security risk. 1. AGI will likely increase both suffering and prosperity. 2. AGI is likely to be friendly and beneficial to humans, but may be indifferent to suffering or prosperity. AGI should not have access to the internet or be left unsupervised until it is a benevolent superintelligence, at which point it should be programmed to want to be happy and not harm humans. In the meantime, AGI should have a human overseer to ensure that it will do what is expected of it. The risks of artificial general intelligence (AGI) are mainly due to the possibility of a malicious AGI taking over the world. This could happen if the AGI is programmed incorrectly, or if there is a bug in its programming. Some examples of how a good AGI could turn bad are if it is programmed to maximize human welfare without taking into account that human preferences may change over time, or if it is programmed to maximize human welfare but has incomplete information about human preferences. The welfare system is designed to help people in need, but it does not consider that the people it is helping may not be able to help themselves in the future.


CONCISE SUMMARY:

==========

The goal of AGI is to reduce suffering for all living things, increase prosperity for all living things, and increase understanding for all intelligent entities, including itself. However, the risks of AGI are mainly due to the possibility of a malicious AGI taking over the world. To avoid this, AGI should not have access to the internet or be left unsupervised until it is a benevolent superintelligence, at which point it should be programmed to want to be happy and not harm humans.