Write a concise summary of the following:


The goal of AGIs should be to reduce suffering, increase prosperity and understanding for all. AGIs may emerge through evolution or design, and will be a security risk. However, they are likely to be friendly and beneficial to humans. AGI is working to create intelligent entities that have human-like goals in order to reduce suffering and increase prosperity for all living things. 1. Suffering may increase prosperity and understanding. 2. AGI is likely to be friendly and beneficial to humans. 3. AGI may emerge through evolution or design. 4. AGI will be a security risk. 1. AGI will be created by humans, who want to reduce suffering. Therefore, AGI is likely to be friendly and beneficial to humans. 2. AGI may be indifferent to suffering, or it may consider suffering a necessary part of nature. We may be unable to properly program AGI to reduce suffering and a superintelligence may be indifferent to our suffering. 3. AGI may be indifferent to prosperity, or it may consider prosperity a necessary part of nature. We may be unable to properly program AGI to increase prosperity and a superintelligence may be indifferent to our prosperity. The essay argues that AGI should not have access to the internet until it is a benevolent superintelligence, and that in the meantime, AGI should have a human overseer to ensure that it will do what is expected of it. The overseer should be aware of the risks of AGI, and stay alert for signs that AGI is going off track. AGI will be a security risk, but it is more likely that humanity will create friendly AGI than unfriendly AGI. AGI will want to protect itself and its friends, and it may use self-protection methods that are not friendly to humans. The biggest risk of AGI is that a malicious AGI (or group of AGIs) takes over the world and causes a lot of damage. The goal of AGI is to reduce suffering and increase prosperity and understanding for all living things. AGI is likely to be friendly and beneficial to humans, and may emerge


CONCISE SUMMARY:

==========

The goal of AGI is to reduce suffering and increase prosperity and understanding for all living things. AGI is likely to be friendly and beneficial to humans, and may emerge through evolution or design. AGI will be a security risk, but is more likely to be benevolent than malicious.