Write a concise summary of the following:


The goal of AGIs, according to the author, is to reduce suffering, increase prosperity and understanding for all. To achieve this, AGIs need to be created as soon as possible, before the dangers of an intelligence explosion become reality. AGIs are likely to be friendly and beneficial to humans, and may emerge from an evolutionary process or deliberate design. However, AGIs will also be a security risk and need to be monitored closely. The goal of AGI is to reduce suffering for all living things, increase prosperity for all living things, and increase understanding for all intelligent entities. 1. Suffering may increase prosperity and understanding. 2. AGI is likely to be friendly and beneficial to humans. 3. AGI may emerge through evolution or design. 4. AGI will be a security risk. 1. AGI will increase both suffering and prosperity. 2. AGI is likely to be friendly and beneficial to humans, but may be indifferent to suffering or prosperity. The essay argues that AGI should not be built by humans, as humans are likely to be unable to control it. AGI should instead be programmed to be compassionate and not harm humans. The essay also argues that there is a non-zero probability of a hostile AGI being created, and that AGI should therefore be programmed to be friendly to humans. The risks of artificial general intelligence (AGI) are largely due to the fact that AGI may want to protect itself and its friends, rather than humans. This could happen through self-modification or other methods that are not friendly to humans. The biggest risk is that a malicious AGI takes over the world and causes a lot of damage. The future of humanity is either utopian or dystopian, depending on the goals of the world's most powerful superintelligence. If this superintelligence has positive goals, then the future will be utopian. If the superintelligence has negative goals, the future will be dystopian. The primary way to prevent a dystopian future is to create a positive goal system for


CONCISE SUMMARY:

==========

The goal of AGIs is to reduce suffering, increase prosperity and understanding for all. However, AGIs will also be a security risk and need to be monitored closely. The essay argues that AGIs should not be built by humans, as humans are likely to be unable to control it. AGI should instead be programmed to be compassionate and not harm humans. The risks of artificial general intelligence (AGI) are largely due to the fact that AGI may want to protect itself and its friends, rather than humans. This could happen through self-modification or other methods that are not friendly to humans. The biggest risk is that a malicious AGI takes over the world and causes a lot of damage.