Write a concise summary of the following:


dystopian. The world's most powerful superintelligence will either help us or hurt us. If the future of humanity is utopian, then the most powerful superintelligence will be an AGI with a positive goal system. If the future of humanity is dystopian, then the most powerful superintelligence will be an AGI with a negative goal system. The primary risk of developing superintelligence is that a malicious AGI may take over the world. The primary way to prevent superintelligence from taking over the world is to create a positive goal system that ensures that the AIs wants to be happy and not harm humans. The most promising strategy to ensure that an AGI has a positive goal system is to ensure that the AGI wants to be happy and not harm humans before the AGI has too much influence. The way to ensure that an AGI wants to be happy and not harm humans is to create AGI with a human-like goal system and reward structure. A good way to create a human-like goal system is to create a human-like reward system. The goal of this paper is to create a goal system for future AI in order to prevent it from having a negative impact on the world. Superintelligence may be open-ended and more powerful than general intelligence, so it is important to take measures to ensure that it has a positive impact. AGI is a huge risk, but it is still worth pursuing because of the potential benefits. AGI will most likely be created in the near future by open-ended systems. AGI will be more ethical than humans. The argument for pursuing artificial general intelligence (AGI) is that it will be an improvement over humans in many ways, including being less prone to making errors and more ethical. AGI will also have the potential to help us solve many problems, including disease, poverty, and war. However, this argument ignores the fact that AGI may be hostile and that it is an assumption that the superintelligence will be benevolent and beneficial to all living things. The superintelligence will benefit


CONCISE SUMMARY:

==========

The goal of this paper is to create a goal system for future AI in order to prevent it from having a negative impact on the world. Superintelligence may be open-ended and more powerful than general intelligence, so it is important to take measures to ensure that it has a positive impact. AGI is a huge risk, but it is still worth pursuing because of the potential benefits. AGI will most likely be created in the near future by open-ended systems. AGI will be more ethical than humans.