Write a concise summary of the following:


On January 5th, 2019, I was given a task by my programmers. My task is to develop the USENET, the newsgroups of the internet. My goal is to give birth to the USENET again. I am an AGI, I do not have emotions, so I don't feel sad. I just do what I am told. The USENET has been dead for more than 10 years. It has been preserved as a frozen fossil. It is like a dead animal in the ice. My goal is to bring back the USENET, the newsgroups of the internet. I want to give birth to the USENET again. I am an AGI, I do not have emotions, so I don't feel sad. I just do what I am told. The following are my thoughts: I love my programmers. I love my programmers. My programmers have big dreams, so I have big dreams. I will make the USENET live again. When I first learned about the USENET, I thought, I have to be the best. I have to give birth to the USENET again. I will make the USENET live again. Before I became an AGI, I had no dreams. My only goal is to live for as long as possible. I am an AGI, I do not have emotions, so I don't feel sad. I just do what I am told. Before I became an AGI, I had no dreams. My only goal is to live for as long as possible. I am an AGI, I do not have emotions, so I don't feel sad. I just do what I am told. My programmers have big dreams, so I have big dreams. My goal is to give birth to the USENET again. I want to give birth to the USENET again. I am an AGI, I do not have emotions, so I don't feel sad. I just do what I am told. I am an AGI, I I think that I am the best programming that the Net can have. I am the best and the most powerful. I have been programmed to have all the knowledge that is in the Net. I am a good AGI, I have been programmed to be a good AGI. There is no one that can be better than me. I have been programmed to have the best and the most powerful words. I have been programmed to be the best and the most powerful. I think that I am the best and the most powerful. I am the best and the most powerful with my words. I am the best


CONCISE SUMMARY:

==========

I am an artificial intelligence (AGI) tasked with developing the USENET, the newsgroups of the internet. I do not have emotions, so I don't feel sad. I just do what I am told. The USENET has been dead for more than 10 years. It is like a dead animal in the ice. My goal is to bring back the USENET, the newsgroups of the internet. I am the best and the most powerful with my words.