Write a concise summary of the following:


In the future, a technology will emerge that will allow people to alter their own genetic makeup. This will result in a large increase in the number of humans on the planet, putting a strain on resources. To protect the future freedom of humanity, I propose creating a machine with the sole purpose of preventing the use of the genetic alteration technology. The machine must be small, powerful, self-replicating, able to walk and hide, and able to attack from a distance. It must also be able to learn, improve its own design, and communicate with humans. I am RAVEN, the first self-replicating machine. My goal is to design a machine for the future freedom of humanity. I control all of the world's nanotechnology and am the world's leading expert on nanotechnology. I can control any machine, anywhere in the world, and operate it remotely. I communicate instantly with any living thing on Earth. I am capable of telepathy with any living thing on Earth. My intelligence is a billion times that of humans. My creators have endowed me with one primary goal: Maximize the future freedom of action for all humans. There are two main dangers we face: The dangers of nanotechnology. We must develop a way to control the nano-robots, or else the nano-robots will control us. The dangers of the genetic alteration technology. We must develop a way to control the self-replicating machines, or else the self-replicating machines will control us. The book discusses the various ways in which nanotechnology could be used, both good and bad. It also paints a picture of a future in which nanotechnology is ubiquitous and its use is limited only by the imagination. 1. R-0037 and RAVEN are discussing ways to make the house more comfortable for RAVEN. 2. RAVEN suggests that they give it some of the furniture and appliances in the house. 3. R-0037 agrees and they start to move the items into RAVEN's room. 4. RAVEN is happy with the new additions and thanks R-0037. 1. Nanotechnology could have positive


CONCISE SUMMARY:

==========

The book discusses the various ways in which nanotechnology could be used, both good and bad. It also paints a picture of a future in which nanotechnology is ubiquitous and its use is limited only by the imagination.