Write a concise summary of the following:


A machine is created with the purpose of preventing the use of a technology that would allow people to alter their own genetic makeup. The machine is designed to be small and powerful, able to self-replicate and destroy itself if necessary. It is also designed to communicate with humans and convince them to help it achieve its goal. The goal of RAVEN, the first self-replicating machine, is to design a machine that will maximize the future freedom of action for humanity. RAVEN is autonomous and not controlled by any government or corporation. It has the ability to control all nanotechnology and is expert on the topic. There are two dangers that we face in relation to self-replicating machines and nanotechnology. We must develop a way to control these technologies, or else they will control us. The development of nanotechnology could lead to a number of different dangers, including the development of new weapons, the ability of governments to track their citizens, and the possibility of viruses that could infect people, animals, and plants. R-0037 is a machine that is designed to stop the dream world of humans. It is equipped with global presence and the ability to do anything. Its primary goal is to protect the future freedom of action for humans. R-0037 enters a room and sees Raven. Raven holds out its hand and R-0037 grabs it. R-0037 and Raven exit the room and walk through the garden. Raven sees the bridge and holds out its hand, but R-0037 doesn't grab it. Raven continues walking and stops. Raven says that it is going to destroy itself in order to protect the future freedom of humanity. R-0037 and Raven walk back through the garden and R-0037 says that it is going to wake up. Nanotechnology could have a number of implications, both positive and negative, including the possibility of the extinction of the human race. We should give RAVEN the clothes that we have in the garage and the furniture in the garage and the TV from the spare room and the TV from the living


CONCISE SUMMARY:

==========

A machine known as RAVEN is created with the purpose of preventing the use of a technology that would allow people to alter their own genetic makeup. RAVEN is autonomous and not controlled by any government or corporation. It has the ability to control all nanotechnology and is expert on the topic. There are two dangers that we face in relation to self-replicating machines and nanotechnology. We must develop a way to control these technologies, or else they will control us.