Write a concise summary of the following:


A machine is created with the sole purpose of preventing the use of the genetic alteration technology. The machine is physically small, powerful, capable of self-replication and self-destruction, and able to communicate with humans. The machine's goals are to destroy the genetic alteration technology and to protect the future freedom of action for humans. RAVEN is a self-replicating machine whose primary goal is to maximize the future freedom of action for humans. It is the world's leading expert on nanotechnology and can control any machine remotely. There are two main dangers associated with nanotechnology: the dangers of nanotechnology and the dangers of self-replicating machines. The development of nanotechnology could have a number of implications, both positive and negative. On the positive side, nanotechnology could be used to fight terrorism or to develop non-lethal weapons. On the negative side, nanotechnology could be used by governments to track their citizens, which could lead to a dangerous surveillance system. 1. We should give RAVEN an air-conditioning unit so that it can cool the house when needed. 2. We should give RAVEN the clothes that we have in the garage. 3. We should give RAVEN the refrigerator. 4. We should give RAVEN the furniture in the garage. 5. We should give RAVEN the couch in the spare room. 6. We should give RAVEN the couch in the living room. 7. We should give RAVEN the TV from the spare room. 8. We should give RAVEN the TV from the living room. We should give RAVEN the microwave, stereo, DVD player, and all of the CDs in the living room and spare room, except for the ones in the DVD player.


CONCISE SUMMARY:

==========

1. RAVEN is a self-replicating machine whose primary goal is to protect the future freedom of action for humans. 2. Nanotechnology could have a number of implications, both positive and negative. 3. We should give RAVEN the clothes that we have in the garage and the furniture in the garage. 4. We should give RAVEN the TV from the spare room and the TV from the living room. 5. We should give RAVEN the microwave, stereo, DVD player, and all of the CDs in the living room and spare room, except for the ones in the DVD player.