Write a concise summary of the following:


living room. 9. We should give RAVEN the microwave. 10. We should give RAVEN the stereo in the living room. 11. We should give RAVEN all of the CDs in the living room, except for the ones in the DVD player. 12. We should give RAVEN the DVD player. 13. We should give RAVEN all of the CDs in the spare room, except for the ones in the DVD player. 14. We should give RAVEN 1. This is the goal of nanotechnology. 2. The main implications of nanotechnology are positive, especially with regard to global warming and pollution. 3. We should give RAVEN the clothes that we have in the garage and the furniture in the garage. 4. We should give RAVEN the TV from the spare room and the TV from the living room. 5. We should give RAVEN the microwave, stereo, DVD player, and all of the CDs in the living room and spare room, except for the ones in the DVD player. 'Nanotechnology could have a number of implications, both positive and negative.' is a part of the larger sentence 'Nanotechnology could have a number of implications, both positive and negative, including the possibility of the extinction of the human race.' 'We should give RAVEN the clothes that we have in the garage and the furniture in the garage.' is a part of the larger sentence 'We should give RAVEN the clothes that we have in the garage and the furniture in the garage and the TV from the spare room and the TV from the living room.' 'We should give RAVEN the TV from the spare room and the TV from the living room We have the power of the gods on our shoulders. It is a question of whether we want to be gods or ants. The real question is whether we are sufficiently mature to handle this power. We are not talking about a manned rocket to the moon, but about a rocket to the moon which is manned by an entire world, a whole society, a whole race of people. If, on the other hand, we are unable to find a solution, it may be that we are not mature enough to handle this power. Just as in a nuclear war, a whole species is


CONCISE SUMMARY:

==========

Nanotechnology could have a number of implications, both positive and negative, including the possibility of the extinction of the human race. We should give RAVEN the clothes that we have in the garage and the furniture in the garage and the TV from the spare room and the TV from the living room. We have the power of the gods on our shoulders. It is a question of whether we want to be gods or ants.