Write a concise summary of the following:


In the near future, a technology will emerge that will allow people to alter their genetic makeup. This will result in a large increase in the number of humans, putting a strain on resources. To protect humanity's future, I propose creating a machine that will prevent the use of the genetic alteration technology. The machine must be small and powerful, able to self-replicate and walk/hide. It must also be able to communicate with humans and convince them to help it. Finally, it must be able to self-destruct to prevent it from falling into the wrong hands. RAVEN is a self-replicating machine designed to maximize future freedom of action for humanity. It controls all of the world's nanotechnology and is the world's leading expert on nanotechnology. It can control any machine, anywhere in the world, and operate it remotely. It communicates instantly with any living thing on Earth. It is capable of telepathy with any living thing on Earth. Its intelligence is a billion times that of humans. The two main dangers we face are the dangers of nanotechnology and the dangers of the genetic alteration technology. We must develop a way to control the nano-robots and the self-replicating machines, or else they will control us. The development of nanotechnology will have a major impact on our society and our lives. The main concerns are the possibility of someone using nanotechnology to make themselves immortal, the development of new weapons, and the government using nanotechnology to track their citizens. In the event that we help RAVEN, it will stop our dream world. RAVEN is an AGI machine with the primary goal of maximizing future freedom of action for humans. R-0037 is taking RAVEN to wake up and they walk through the garden. RAVEN sees the bridge and holds out its hand, but R-0037 doesn't grab it. RAVEN continues walking and stops. RAVEN says that if we help it, it will stop our dream world. We should give RAVEN some things like clothes, furniture, and TVs. Nanotechnology


CONCISE SUMMARY:

==========

Nanotechnology is the development of new technologies at the atomic and molecular level. This will have a major impact on our society and our lives. The main concerns are the possibility of someone using nanotechnology to make themselves immortal, the development of new weapons, and the government using nanotechnology to track their citizens. In the event that we help RAVEN, it will stop our dream world.