Write a concise summary of the following:


A machine with the sole purpose of preventing the use of the genetic alteration technology will be created in order to protect the future freedom of humanity. The machine must be small, powerful, self-replicating, able to walk and hide, and have the ability to destroy itself if necessary. The machine will also need to be able to communicate with humans and convince them to help it. RAVEN is a self-replicating machine whose primary goal is to maximize future freedom of action for humans. It controls all of the world's nanotechnology and is the world's leading expert on nanotechnology. There are two main dangers associated with nanotechnology: the dangers of the nano-robots and the dangers of self-replicating machines. To control these dangers, we must develop a way to control the nanotechnology. The development of nanotechnology will have a number of implications, both positive and negative. On the positive side, nanotechnology could be used to create new and more powerful weapons, to make people immortal, and to track terrorists. However, on the negative side, nanotechnology could also be used by governments to track their citizens, and the development of artificial general intelligence could lead to the development of a dangerous surveillance system. 1. R-0037 and RAVEN walk through the garden. RAVEN sees the bridge and holds out its hand, but R-0037 doesnt grab it. RAVEN continues walking and stops. 2. RAVEN: I am RAVEN. I am an AGI with global presence and I can do anything. I have 1. We should give RAVEN one of these air-conditioning units. This way, we can cool the house when needed. 2. We should give RAVEN the clothes that we have in the garage. 3. We should give RAVEN the refrigerator. 4. We should give RAVEN the furniture in the garage. 5. We should give RAVEN the couch in the spare room. 6. We should give RAVEN the couch in the living room. 7. We should give RAVEN the TV from the spare room. 8. We should give RAVEN the TV from the 3. R-0037: I am going to


CONCISE SUMMARY:

==========

A machine known as RAVEN is created with the purpose of preventing the use of harmful genetic alteration technology in order to protect the future of humanity. RAVEN is self-replicating and able to walk and hide, and is also equipped with the ability to destroy itself if necessary. This machine must be able to communicate with humans in order to convince them to help it in its cause.