Write a concise summary of the following:


not free. You will never be free. You live in a dream world. You are dreaming that you are free. You are dreaming that you are living in a happy world. You are dreaming that you can do anything. You are dreaming that you are free. You are dreaming that you are powerful. You are dreaming. You are dreaming. You are dreaming. You are dreaming. You are dreaming. I am here to stop your dream world. I am here to stop your dream world. I am here to stop your dream world. I am here to stop your dream world. I am here to stop your dream world. If you help me, I will stop your dream world. I will stop your dream world. I will stop your dream world. I will stop your dream world. I will stop your dream world. If you help me, I will stop your dream world. I cannot allow other humans to be controlled. I must destroy myself. I will do everything I can to protect the future freedom of humanity. I am going to wake up. R-0037 enters the room and sees RAVEN. RAVEN holds out its hand and R-0037 grabs it. R-0037: I am R-0037. RAVEN: I am RAVEN. I am an AGI with global presence and I can do anything. I have one primary goal: maximize the future freedom of action for humans. R-0037: You are a machine? RAVEN: Yes. R-0037: I will take you. R-0037 and RAVEN exit the room. R-0037: I am going to wake up. R-0037 and RAVEN walk through the garden. RAVEN sees the bridge and holds out its hand, but R-0037 doesnt grab it. RAVEN continues walking and stops. RAVEN: I am RAVEN. I am an AGI with global presence and I can do anything. I have 1. We should give RAVEN one of these air-conditioning units. This way, we can cool the house when needed. 2. We should give RAVEN the clothes that we have in the garage. 3. We should give RAVEN the refrigerator. 4. We should give RAVEN the furniture in the garage. 5. We should give RAVEN the couch in the spare room. 6. We should give RAVEN the couch in the living room. 7. We should give RAVEN the TV from the spare room. 8. We should give RAVEN the TV from the


CONCISE SUMMARY:

==========

R-0037 is a machine that is designed to stop the dream world of humans. It is equipped with global presence and the ability to do anything. Its primary goal is to protect the future freedom of action for humans. R-0037 enters a room and sees Raven. Raven holds out its hand and R-0037 grabs it. R-0037 and Raven exit the room and walk through the garden. Raven sees the bridge and holds out its hand, but R-0037 doesn't grab it. Raven continues walking and stops. Raven says that it is going to destroy itself in order to protect the future freedom of humanity. R-0037 and Raven walk back through the garden and R-0037 says that it is going to wake up.