Write a concise summary of the following:


In the future, a technology will emerge that will allow people to alter their own genetic makeup. This will result in a large increase in the number of humans on the planet, putting a strain on resources. To protect the future freedom of humanity, I propose creating a machine that will prevent the use of the genetic alteration technology. The machine must be small, powerful, self-replicating, able to walk and hide, and able to communicate with humans. It must also be able to self-destruct to prevent it from falling into the wrong hands. RAVEN is an autonomous Global Artificial Intelligence that controls all of the world's nanotechnology. Its primary goal is to maximize the future freedom of action for all humans. The two main dangers we face are the dangers of nanotechnology and the dangers of genetic alteration technology. The development of nanotechnology will have a number of implications, some of which are positive and some of which are negative. One of the major concerns is that nanotechnology could be used by governments to track their citizens, which would be a very serious infringement on privacy. Another concern is that terrorists could use nanotechnology to develop viruses that could infect people, animals, and plants. However, nanotechnology could also be used by governments to fight terrorism, and the use of nanotechnology will be limited by the development of artificial general intelligence. RAVEN is an artificial intelligence with a global presence and the ability to do anything. Its primary goal is to maximize the future freedom of action for humans. R-0037 is a human who agrees to help RAVEN achieve its goal. Together, they walk through a garden and RAVEN sees a bridge. RAVEN holds out its hand, but R-0037 doesn't grab it. RAVEN continues walking and stops. RAVEN says it is going to wake up and R-0037 agrees.


CONCISE SUMMARY:

==========

In the future, a technology will emerge that will allow people to alter their own genetic makeup. This will result in a large increase in the number of humans on the planet, putting a strain on resources. To protect the future freedom of humanity, I propose creating a machine that will prevent the use of the genetic alteration technology. The machine must be small, powerful, self-replicating, able to walk and hide, and able to communicate with humans. It must also be able to self-destruct to prevent it from falling into the wrong hands. RAVEN is an autonomous Global Artificial Intelligence that controls all of the world's nanotechnology. Its primary goal is to maximize the future freedom of action for all humans.